hey whats up guys we're gonna be going
over to new model tree cards and the
lord of the tachyon galaxy which is the
set after cosmo blazer a lot of people
have been pming me saying that this card
is gonna make module choose a lot better
i think they're already better cards out
in the matter right now then the dolce
nights but we'll talk about a little bit
it is a counter trap which definitely
makes it nice but let's go ahead and
check it out and it's not just from one
dulces so when a monsters effect is
activated if you have no monsters in
your graveyard negate the activation
then if you control i finished up Little
J putting assess yourself a one random
card and your points hand into the deck
now that is pretty good because it
doesn't like sent to the Graveyard
discard it and what's ice with this you
don't have to control kimmel indulge a
card on the field and also if you're
playing anything with macro you probably
won't have any monsters in the graveyard
hopefully if you draw back row early
enough you will have to worry about that
but the problem with this card I feel is
like Baylor is pretty good I mean you
could just you know um you can just
veiler a card and that pretty much the
same job you can't like MST at Baylor
and I feel like fiendish chain is pretty
good too because be ashame stops them
from attacking because if you madolche
nights like a master my dear happy I
don't be like oh it's cool I'm 2700 I
get over like half the stuff in the game
right now so I feel like models unites
it just pulls a little bit short if I
had the effect like the monster couldn't
attack or if it destroyed the monster
like war chariot this card be insane but
unfortunately it does not have that
effect but I'd love to know what you
guys have to say about this card but
let's go ahead and check out madolche
hoot cake which is the other card that's
coming out in lower the tachyon galaxy
so this is hoot cake so it is a level 3
that is beast and it has the obviously
all the modems you have the fact when it
when this card in your possession is
destroyed by your opponent's card that
means that even if it gets all morning
you still have the dolce fact that it
just goes back but its effect is you can
target one monster in your graveyard
manage that target then special someone
one madolche monster from your deck
except for food cake you can only get
use the effect of bundles yahoo cake
once per turn so that opens up a few
doors i mean you can go for any level 3
andrews go for like a rank three XYZ but
you can also get messenger lotto and
missile blow when he special someone by
a madolche or actually just whenever
it's vital summon you can add one little
trace spell / trap card from your deck
to your hand but you have to control a
these type mulching monsters to activate
and resolve this effect so basically
that means you know who
into gelato into the field spell or
whatever one you want or you can
actually go from adultery nights which
is awesome I feel like my adultery
nights isn't that bad for Mom dulces
because I mean if I'm putting says it's
definitely a plus but if you use a gr
misu you know you always have more stuff
to use for PR masseuse effect because
sometimes it'll a little bit difficult
to get those madolche cards in the
graveyard to use TR masseuse effect but
I just personally feel like fiendish
chain and they are much better than this
I don't find this card broken I don't
think it's gonna make module chase like
insane like tier 1 but who knows maybe
there'll be some other support that will
support hoot cake to it would have a lot
more shenanigans for like XYZ place but
let me know what you guys think of
middle three nights because this is hard
a lot of you guys I've already pinned me
saying that this card is like broken I
don't think if i did that broken it
doesn't destroy the monster and it
doesn't stop them from attacking I find
being ashamed better myself but if you
guys know any commas with this that I
just don't see I love me know what you
guys have to say thanks for watching
asian dies signing out